What is Poker?
Poker is a card game that combines gambling, strategy, and skill. 
People usually play poker with a normal set of 52 cards. This card game involves some luck also. 
Poker card games are now becoming more popular in India. There are many different types of poker.
All poker types involve betting as a core part of the game. The winner of each hand is determined according to the combinations of players' cards, some of which remain hidden until the end of the hand. 
Bets are usually made with plastic or ceramic discs called chips. Real money poker is also popular. Since chips are easier to handle chips are more often. Online poker game apps are also available in India. Other than that online poker websites are also highly acclaimed in India.  At the end of the game, players either exchange their chips for money, or the chips are counted to determine the order of winners. As mentioned above, there are different types of Poker games. And these games vary based on the number of cards dealt, the number of shared cards, the number of cards that remain hidden, and the betting procedures. Most poker games and online poker game app’s first round of betting begins with players making some form of a forced bet (small and big blind). 
A standard poker procedure has each player putting bets according to the rank they believe their hand is worth as compared to the other players. The process then proceeds clockwise as each player in the order must either match or raise the maximum previous bet, or fold. This leads to losing the amount bet so far and stopping all further involvement in that round. A player who matches a bet may also "raise" (increase) the bet. The betting round ends when all players have either called the last bet or folded. If one player remains without folding, he/she will collect the pot without the need to reveal their hand. If more than one player remains with hands after the final betting round, a showdown takes place where the hands are revealed, and the player with the winning hand takes the pot. Poker’s popularity has increased since the beginning of the 20th century. It has gone from being a recreational activity played among small groups to a highly popular game. This also includes online Poker tournaments. Online poker websites and poker game apps are also easily available now. The number of Indian online poker apps has increased recently, conquering the global poker gaming market with its good quality interface and attractive tournaments

